hi everyone today we're going to do the
never know when I saw her favor yeah so
um good instructions and bright so here
we're gonna light mix everything up with
water and blue packet need one cup of
water the orange packet me go get water
just mix it with it and then there are
some candies or looks like marshmallow
things but their candies and you add up
in there and make 70 actions very easy
so I think you guys can do it as well
before just get you a pair of scissors
and water yeah so it's rather easy and
other packets patterns provide it inside
so let's get started so here is the that
step I got one spoon you have a packet
of cat and
cause so you'll have the packet lung I
just blew and then pack up to is um re
yo and then packet please rat and in
sprinkles like for the narrative in a
mixture and over there's mode there is a
circle there's a circle here and over
here it's a man right here can you see
that and also there's on the container
for the water we're going to use so each
cup is equal to this so first um you
want to break up the water for like the
measuring and then to pour the first
blue packet into the vixter Cooper's
here's the big circle we want to put all
of them and you get your your water
container thing and for about 14 wires
are not that much
about the level here if you get my name
important sorry there is a very clear
instruction to the back so if we're not
there the packet will help you so we're
going to use the spoon and mix it mix it
well I already smell is over make sure
it started really I'm sure like if I'm
sure you guys don't want to eat power is
that so start really nicely so it will
be a yellow yellow mixture of thick
paste so after is from buying you like
to add a pack of 2 i'm which is yellow
packet but the power inside scoop color
that is really good so just add it in
makes it all together and you eventually
get a kind of bridge blew up eclectic
and a run and then you'll get a really
thick paste of candy cut your counsel
maybe it's really something that's why I
10 yay
so wait so address combined and you'll
want to get ready for a third packet
that's going to go into the middle band
spot it's a container so you're going to
bit you'll never know you're into it to
make it more tasty and your finish our
finish and we're gonna do the taste head
so doofus ok so I'll get half or skip
spoon yeah guys get oh that's not right
get up some some candy and guy
very lucky ok so I'll try
I think it's a bit sour for me IX hour
so i can type the raki Oh for me I
thankful and then the soul of flavors
were strong firm of ten points I'll give
seven thank you okay so i hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you liked it
please give a like and the guide if you
want to follow up please subscribe our
channel so here's a chance chuckle play
and we'll see you guys next time bye